[Music]
yo this is recap reps
a lot of things have happened during
this presidential election and we're
gonna break it all down for you
as simple as possible here we go more
than seven years itching from that
0-weight election all the mrs clinton's
mission started back in 47.
up to this year her nomination would
have been a given if the land of ben and
jerry hadn't served their competition
hello old bernie sanders the veteran
senator
left leaner standing for the 99
percentage tried to change the game
planted revolutionaries the revolution
only overthrew our facebook feeds was
the tight race through all the primaries
and caucuses
iowa new hampshire no pundit could have
thought of this the clinton pulled ahead
mostly thanks to super delegates the
california south dakota bernie said
south philadelphia it took a turn some
emails leaked and schultz felt the burn
burn kane joined the ticket cause i
guess he was around got the democrats
locked now
sit your ass down there's way more
coming and you bet that we got plenty
before we choose a chief to lead us into
2020 we'll check in with the riper right
now sing it to me
maybe the republicans could have the
next president but first they had to
whittle down a herd of wild elephants
seemed like a circus there with 17
candidates and more flat white bread
than subway sandwiches
jeff was a mess but kasich was okay and
that md from md could have used mdma
little marco singing carly and the
zodiac cruiser but little did they know
that they would all be huge losers
celebrity and businessman made a money
sprayed orange hairpiece
little hands i wrote it to a corner
ruthless in the primaries rhetoric was
vicious debates felt like broken
families arguing at christmas look at
these hands
i guarantee you there's no problem i
guarantee
then they went to cleveland hell halibut
convention you got cruise boos roll
petitions blatant plagiarism and the
cherry on top putting pencil to the mix
oh christy we could cheer you up let's
take it to the bridge
made it through found the diamonds in
the rough now down to two candidates
clinton feed trump well there's other
people too but they're not relevant
enough
[Music]
coming down the stretch we got a pair of
white people some say the better is the
lesser of two evils one of them's a
cyborg who's good at losing emails the
other is allowed mouth who can't connect
with females ask megan kelly or rosie
o'donnell heidi klum branded roderick or
alicia machado a chivalry a failure like
trump ice water
don't forget he said he'd even bang his
own daughter but clinton stays quiet you
could even say
classified some information can't be
found upon her website
go and check the facts or offer up a
donation and if you got uranium take it
to her foundation trump's got one of
those but
really it's a piggy bank you're buying
self-portraits while choking down his
fizzy drinks twitter's hard to handle
quoting generals from axis this new
jersey general don't even pay his taxes
clinton's in the clear she doesn't pay
people off or get involved with wall
street
damn this pneumonia got us both feeling
awful but nothing can compare to that
at least she's familiar with a bit of
foreign policy and trump beauty they
don't even teach about geography his
unifying cause is a literal divider he
wants to make his very own
great wall of jaina sure they got flaws
but we can find a way to settle this
we've educated conversation emanating
eloquence talk about the issues like
aleppo and obamacare taxes environment
and terrorism everywhere nope it's all
arguing and threatening to sue
demonizing contradicting angling the
truth jail threats wikileaks whining
over time and the mic worked fine at
least it did it all five so don't vote
america we gotta do this properly to get
us back in shape we have to exercise
democracy we're near the finish line
this is where we need our stamina but if
we fall apart well i guess there's
always canada
that was a rundown of what's happened so
far in the 2016 presidential election
and this is recap raps thankfully no
other scandals have happened since we
dropped this
right regardless make sure all y'all are
registered to vote and may god have
mercy on our souls
america what's up guys thanks for
watching if you like this why not check
out either these other two dope videos
and as always be sure to hit that
subscribe button to stay up to date on
all the latest warp zone content
coming at you every tuesday and thursday
all right i'm gonna go check out what
the weather's like in toronto this time
of year
and the rest of the years of my life
whoopsing out